This is a critical part of the project and will be a substantial fraction of the grade.
Include the following sections:
An overview of your project: a revised version of your project proposal.
The detailed project design documents: a revised version of the project design.
A section listing who did what and what lessons you learned and advice for future projects
Complete listings of every file you wrote for the project. Include C source, SystemVerilog source, and things such as .mhs files. Don't include any file that was generated automatically.
Include all of this in a single .pdf file (don't print it out) and email it to me on the due date.
Also create a .tar.gz file (see the online documentation for the `tar' program to see how to create such a file. Briefly, create a file called `myfile' with the names of all the files you want to include in the archive and run tar zcf project.tar.gz `cat myfiles` to create the archive.) that just includes the files necessary to build your project, such as I did for the labs. Also email this to me by the due date.



1. a single PDF file of your whole report, including a listing of
   all source code.

   Do remember to include all the sections listed on the webpage.

   Do not turn in a paper copy of your report; it will be too big.

   Only include source files (C, SystemVerilog) you wrote or
   modified.  Do not include any automatically-generated files in your
   report.

2. A .tar.gz file of your entire project.  This should be in a form
   where I could compile and/or download your project as needed
   and therefore will include some automatically-generated files,
   including the all-important .sof file that can be downloaded
   to the board.

   However, before you make this (potentially enormous) tarball,
   run the following to remove unnecessary generated files:

   rm -rf db incremental_db *.rpt *.done *.summary *.smsg *.pin *.qdf *.pof

3. A PDF of your presentation.  I'll put them on the class website.

Name these based on your project's short name (from the website).  E.g.,
the "RSR" group shoud submit RSR.pdf, RSR.tar.gz, and RSR-presentation.pdf
